Add Python Tricks as a resource (#24)
BostonPython/about: resources.md

- [Impractical Python Projects](https://nostarch.com/impracticalpythonprojects) by Lee Vaughan. Somewhat more advanced than Sweigart's books, this book goes deep into Python libraries to do interesting and completely impractical things, such as using NLTK to write haikus, using PyGame to simulate alien volcanoes, or using Pillow to improve your astrophotography. Recommended for the more advanced beginner. If you're comfortable writing standard Python, this book will show you how to use other people's libraries to do cool things easily. Libraries: [MLN](https://find.minlib.net/iii/encore/record/C__Rb3725372), [BPL](https://bpl.bibliocommons.com/item/show/6971575075).

- [Think Stats!](https://greenteapress.com/wp/think-stats-2e/) and [Think Bayes!](http://greenteapress.com/wp/think-bayes/) by Allen Downey. These books are aimed at teaching probability & statistics and Bayesian statistics, using Python rather than traditional mathematical expressions to make the concepts concrete. Recommended for more advanced beginners with an interest in the mathematical underpinnings of statistics. The website for both books has free PDF and HTML versions.

> - [Python Tricks: The Book](https://realpython.com/products/python-tricks-book/) by Dan Bader. This is a great book for those who are comfortable with the basics of Python and would like to learn some more advanced tricks, such as decorators, abstract base classes, namedtuples, and more. Dan Bader runs the [Real Python site](https://realpython.com/) which has a lot of in depth Python tutorials. A sample of the book can be found [here](https://static.realpython.com/python-tricks-book/Python%20Tricks%20Sample.pdf). Libraries: [MLN](https://find.minlib.net/iii/encore/record/C__Rb3739402), [BPL](https://bpl.bibliocommons.com/item/show/12035076981)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Python Tricks: The Book](https://realpython.com/products/python-tricks-book/) by Dan Bader. This is a great book for those who are comfortable with the basics of Python and would like to learn some more advanced tricks, such as decorators, abstract base classes, named tuples, and more. The author runs the [Real Python site](https://realpython.com/) which has a lot of in-depth Python tutorials. A short [PDF sample](https://static.realpython.com/python-tricks-book/Python%20Tricks%20Sample.pdf) is available. Libraries: [MLN](https://find.minlib.net/iii/encore/record/C__Rb3739402), [BPL](https://bpl.bibliocommons.com/item/show/12035076981)
```
